Minutes, 11th meeting of TC57 (04 August 2026) (#167)
hlsl-tc57/tc57: docs/Meetings/2026-08-04-minutes.md

* [non-member operator overloading](https://github.com/hlsl-tc57/tc57/blob/main/proposals/0016-non-member-operator-overloading.md) – to refinement
* [User-defined conversions](https://github.com/hlsl-tc57/tc57/pull/127) – to refinement

# 6 Discussions

## 6.1 Normative consensus PRs

The chair presented the [\[Basic.Lookup\]](https://github.com/hlsl-tc57/tc57/pull/143) PR. The committee approved and the chair merged it.

## 6.2 Proposed changes for next meeting

The chair presented changes to be reviewed by delegates before the next meeting, including

* New proposals
  * [hlsl::size_t](https://github.com/hlsl-tc57/tc57/pull/151)
* Normative PRs
  * [\[Basic.Scope\]](https://github.com/hlsl-tc57/tc57/pull/165)
* Stage advancements
  * [202x Removals](https://github.com/hlsl-tc57/tc57/blob/main/proposals/0004-202x-removals.md) – to accepted
    * The chair reminded delegates that there is a PR containing more language for this stage advancement, and requested that delegates be sure to [review it](https://github.com/hlsl-tc57/tc57/pull/163).

## 6.3 Default template arguments for texture resources ([hlsl-tc57/tc57#153](https://github.com/hlsl-tc57/tc57/issues/153))

> There is one resource type (Texture2DMS) which does not behave as the others in DXC, it is unclear whether this is intentional or not. The committee determined it’s likely legacy behaviour that should be codified in the standard. The committee may choose to revisit this in the future, and may choose to deprecate it in a future edition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is one resource type (Texture2DMS) which does not behave as the others in DXC, it is unclear whether this is intentional or not. The committee determined its likely legacy behavior that should be codified in the standard. The committee may choose to revisit this and may choose to deprecate it in a future edition.
```

Author: You're welcome to make those changes, though I should mention that each was an intentional decision.

Maybe I should have written out "it is". The committee determined it is likely legacy behaviour. (Ecma uses UK English).

I also, based on the conversation, intentionally included both the committee's interest in revisiting the topic broadly in future conversations, as well as the committee's reservation to deprecate in a future published edition of the standard.

Reviewer 2: > The English language, as written in the United Kingdom, will be the official language of the Association.
> ... [Except that we use "z" like rational people]...

Second part is my paraphrasing the official style rules.

Reviewer: The only one that is a little odd in language to me is the whole revisiting.  revisiting implies the future, don't know why spelling it out adds anything. You can't revisit something in the past, and you don't revisit in the present because you are already there.
